#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass USTCthesis
\begin_preamble
%Created by jmcui 
%\graphicspath{{C:/Users/jmcui/Desktop/Lyxthesis/USTCthesis}}
\end_preamble
\options doctor,twoside,nocap,nointent,psfont
\use_default_options false
\master phdthesis.lyx
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\begin_local_layout
NoStyle	Thanks
NoStyle	ChapterSpecial
NoStyle	Abstract
NoStyle	EnglishAbstract
NoStyle      Cover
\end_local_layout
\language english
\language_package babel
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\font_cjk fs
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder false
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 2
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index 索引
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Acknowledgments
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
First of all, I would like to thank my parents and my girlfriend.
 Without them I could not stick to the end.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I would like to thank Prof.
 Yunxiu Ye, my supervisor, who gave me the support and the chance to work
 with a group of smart people at Jefferson Lab.
 Also I would like to thank for her guidance and patient in correcting my
 papers and my draft thesis.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Prof.
 Jian-ping Chen, my research advisor at Jefferson Lab, who gave me the most
 help when I was working at Jefferson Lab.
 His profound knowledge and rich experience impressed me.
 The experiment will not success without him.
 He is also very patient on answering any questions and helping me correcting
 my papers.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I would also like to thank Haijiang Lu, who supported me the place and gave
 me help in Huangshan University for studying my thesis.
 Also I would like to thank Xinhu Yan for his friendship and help when I
 was in Huangshan.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I would like to thank for the friendship from the E08-027 group, Alexandre
 Camsonne, Melissa Cummings, Chao Gu, Min Huang, Jie liu, Jixie Zhang, Kalyan
 Allada, Toby Badman, Ryan Zielinski.
 Alexandre helped me a lot for the beamline study.
 Melissa was very patient to correct my paper.
 Chao, Min, Jie and Jixie are the best friends when I was in JLab.
 Kalyan ,Toby and Ryan are also very nice.
 I had two years full of memories when I was in JLab.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This work was supported by US DOE contract DE-AC05-84ER40150 under which
 the Southeastern Universities Research Association (SURA) operates the
 Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility, and by the National Natural
 Science Foundation of China (11135002, 11275083), the Natural Science Foundatio
n of Anhui Education Committee (KJ2012B179).
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
