#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass USTCthesis
\begin_preamble
%Created by jmcui 
%\graphicspath{{C:/Users/jmcui/Desktop/Lyxthesis/USTCthesis}}
\usepackage{lineno,hyperref}
\linenumbers
\end_preamble
\options doctor,twoside,nocap,nointent,psfont
\use_default_options false
\master phdthesis.lyx
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\begin_local_layout
NoStyle	Thanks
NoStyle	ChapterSpecial
NoStyle	Abstract
NoStyle	EnglishAbstract
NoStyle      Cover
\end_local_layout
\language english
\language_package babel
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\font_cjk fs
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder false
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 2
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index 索引
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Overview
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Since the birth of mankind, we use our eyes to understand the structure
 of world.
 Eyes detect the light and convert it into a set of electrical signals and
 transmit it to our brain.
 With the progress of civilization, we learned to use the tools like microscope
 and telescope to get more detailed information.
 We never stop exploring the world.
 We launched space telescopes as our eyes to detect the light ten billion
 years ago from the ancient stars.
 We built large accelerator to find the fundamental structure of universe.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Nucleons, neutron and proton, give 99.9% of the mass of the atom.
 Unraveling the internal structure of the nucleon is one of the most challenging
 fundamental question in the modern physics.
 The nucleons were thought to be point like particles until the 1960's.
 In the later 1960's, Jerome Friedman, Henry Kendall and Richard Taylor
 used a new high-energy electron beam to bombard a liquid-hydrogen target
 at SLAC 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "PhysRevLett.23.930"

\end_inset

.
 The form factors gotten from the ratio of the differential cross section
 and the Mott cross section exhibited approximate scaling at large 
\begin_inset Formula $Q^{2}$
\end_inset

 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "PhysRevLett.23.935"

\end_inset

.
 The remarkable observation awarded them the Nobel prize in physics 1990.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The strong force, one of the four fundamental interactions, tightly glue
 quarks together mediated by gluons.
 It is explained by an acceptable theory - Quantum Chromodynamics (QCD).
 Due to the strong and non-linear nature of the strong force, the mystery
 of it is still looming.
 Leptons do not undergo the strong interaction.
 They only interact with nucleus and hadron, or quarks in hadron via the
 electromagnetic interaction which is well understood through the Quantum
 Electrodynamics theory (QED).
 A lepton beam was proved as a clean probe for the nucleon's substructure.
 The lepton-nucleon scattering was used as an important tool to study the
 internal structure of the nucleon.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Spin is one of the fundamental property of particles.
 The study of the spin structure reveals a lot of exciting phenomenon for
 the last half century.
 The spin of the nucleon is known as 
\begin_inset Formula $\frac{1}{2}$
\end_inset

.
 In naive quark parton model, the spin of the nucleon is carried by the
 spin of the quarks 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Close1974269"

\end_inset

.
 The first polarized electron-proton scattering experiments were carried
 out at SLAC from the middle 1970's to the 1980's 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "PhysRevLett.37.1261,PhysRevLett.41.70,PhysRevLett.51.1135"

\end_inset

.
 The uncertainty was large due to the technology limitation at that time.
 The result matched the results of the Ellis-Jaffe sum rule which based
 on the 
\begin_inset Formula $SU(3)$
\end_inset

 symmetry and ignored the strange (sea) quark contribution 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "PhysRevD.9.1444"

\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Later on the EMC collaboration group at CERN used the muon beam with much
 higher beam energy to extend the 
\begin_inset Formula $x$
\end_inset

 coverage down to 0.01 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Ashman1988364,Ashman19891"

\end_inset

.
 Combining the results from SLAC, the results indicated that only a small
 part of the nucleon spin came from the quark, which violated the theory
 prediction from the naive quart model.
 This puzzling result was termed the 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

spin crisis
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 Later on the spin structure of the nucleon became a productive area for
 both experiment and theory.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the last 30 years, many experiments were carried out the study of the
 spin structure of the nucleon at SLAC, CERN, DESY and JLAB.
 With the progress of experimental technology, physicists got more accuracy
 results and extended the kinematic regions.
 SLAC improved their results on the proton, and also the neutron's spin
 structure.
 The SMC group and the COMPASS group at CERN extended the measurements of
 the semi-inclusive lepton scattering.
 The COMPASS group at CERN and the HERMES group from DESY tried to measure
 the gluon contributions indirectly and directly.
 The Brookhaven National Lab (BNL) and the Jefferson Lab are now productively
 extending the measurement to larger kinematic range and higher resolution
 with the higher energy proton beam and the higher luminosity electron beam.
 The measurement was not only taken with longitudinally polarized target,
 but also with transversely polarized target.
 The longitudinal spin-dependent structure function 
\begin_inset Formula $g_{1}$
\end_inset

 which is related to the polarized quark distributions and the transverse
 spin-dependent structure function 
\begin_inset Formula $g_{2}$
\end_inset

 which is related to the higher-twist quark-gluon correlations were measured
 more and more precisely in the DIS region.
 Further studies were covered from the total quark spin contribution to
 the individual quark spin contribution, the strange (sea) quark spin contributi
on, and the gluon spin contribution.
 The scientists were not only focused on the asymptotic-free deep inelastic
 region where the interaction is relatively weak but also on the resonance
 region where the interaction is truly strong.
 So far the measurements for the longitudinal spin structure function 
\begin_inset Formula $g_{1}$
\end_inset

 have been achieved to a reasonable precision, covering the large ranges
 of 
\begin_inset Formula $Q^{2}$
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Formula $x$
\end_inset

.
 Now some people focus on the measurements of the transverse spin structure
 function 
\begin_inset Formula $g_{2}$
\end_inset

, which are still scarce.
 The further experimental results on nucleon spin will bring us more considerati
on.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This thesis describes the theoretical basis and the experimental details
 for the E08-027 experiment in Hall A at Jefferson Lab.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
